● Do you think this current system provides adequate accountability around short-term 
rentals in San Francisco? In your response, describe why you believe the system is 
adequate or inadequate. If you believe the system is inadequate, discuss a possible 
change in actions required to improve accountability in this system. You may refer to the 
SWE Code of Ethics as you think through your response. 

I think this current system provides an adequate accountability around short-term rentals in Sanfrancisco
because while there's still a lot of room for improvement, it does the basic jobs of making sure the residents
are registered, linking listings to official policy numbers, and includes a section for complaints. Using business
licenses and policy numbers, it establishes a legal ground for parties to be held accountable and makes it easier for
authories to identify violations. The complaint system allows will help people be bale to report and problems in listings, 
helping the city focus on issues that actually impact the community directly. While it still lacks in areas like more active 
enforcement or automated monitoring, it meets the basic minimum requirements for accountability, making this adequate. 
If the question were phrased using verbage like "great" or "perfect", I think my answer would be different, but as far as adequate 
goes, I would say yes this current system is adequate.

 
●  As discussed in the introduction, the legality of web scraping is still uncertain in the US. 
Skim through the Legal Issues section of Web Scraping in the US on Wikipedia and this 
article about the legal issues with the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, and describe at 
least one factor you believe is important to consider when discussing the legality of web 
scraping and why. 
 
 One factor I believe is important to consider when discussing the legality of web scraping is if it violates
 the site's "Terms of Service". Almost everyone has experience opening a new site and getting a lengthy Terms
 of Service message and usually skipping it to go straight to using the site. Even if this data is pubilicy
 accessible, scraping it in a way that goes against the Terms of Service can create legal problems because the 
 site will consider it unauthorized access. This is important because even like analyzing Airbnb listings like
 in the example, it's important that it still respects the platform's rules. I think after research I found that
 an alternative can be using API provided data to stay within the legal boundaries. 

●  Scraping public data does not always lead to positive results for society. For example, 
look  to  Facebook–Cambridge  Analytica  data  scandal  -  Wikipedia  or  Clearview  AI  - 
Wikipedia. Many argue that using someone’s personal data without their consent (even if 
publicly provided) is unethical. Web scraping requires thoughtful intervention. Develop at 
least two guidelines you think are important to consider when deciding whether to do 
web scraping.  
 
One big guideline I think is important to consider when deciding whether to do web scarping is "Privacy and Consent",
Like I mentioned before, even if the data is publicly available, there are still terms that need to be respected.
Web scarping should have boundaries to make sure it does not misuse personal information because as much as that could
cause legal problems, it can also harm people in an ethical concern. Like in the example mentioned with the Facebook-Facebook–Cambridge
 Analytica scandal where millions of user's personal data was collected and used without consent to promote targeted advertising
 for political efforts. This led to a huge loss of trust in social media platforms from this clear violation of privacy. It shows
 the importance of Privacy and Consent being an important guideline.
Another guideline I think is important to consider when deciding whether to do web scarping "Responsible Usage." With data collection and
specifically from the example we saw in the Facebook–Cambridge scandal of the misuse of data in hopes to manipulate the audience, it's very
important to put an emphasis on using this data respectfully and ethically. Using the data being collected with benefical purposes like research
in a transparent way could avoid causing harm and mistrust from the audience. This guideline helps ensure the data collection alligns with 
the publics interest and moral ethical standards.